Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
That's a big mountain.
The map is clear.
The reverse mountain waterway is
our best option to enter the grand line.
Then let's do it.
I don't know about navigation.
but I do know a ship
can't travel up a mountain.
Nami knows how it works.
That's good enough for me.
Well. I have a theory on how it works.
The currents of the four
seas should drive us up.
However. the waters here are colder.
so the currents at the mountain's
edge travel down to the sea floor.
Meaning if we don't hit it just right.
we could crash and be dragged
to the bottom of the ocean.
Wha…
It's very technical.
Get it right or die.
Okay. not that technical.
Look. the red line circles the world.
We can't go around it.
We have to go through it.
If our navigator says this is
how we get to the grand line.
then this is how we get to the grand line.
That's a lot of shipwrecks.
See? Not everyone ends
up on the bottom of the ocean.
Just keep us steady. usopp.
Go easy on the whip staff.
Usopp. hard to port!
Okay. that wasn't so
bad.
Everyone. hang on!
Whoa!
Yeah!
Nami! The merry's fighting me!
Whoa!
Usopp. we're gonna
hit those rocks! Go port!
I can't! The current's too strong!
Stay with it!
Keep fighting the current!
Come on. merry. work with me.
Don't push it too hard. or it's gonna…
- No!
- Break.
How do we steer now?
Brace for impact!
We're saved!
We're not out of this yet!
Set the mizzen. I'm going forward.
I got you!
- Whoo!
- We're reaching the peak!
Woo-hoo!
Yeah! This! This is a ride!
Prepare to sheet in.
Hard to starboard!
Yeah! Come on!
Come on. merry!
Sheet in!
We did it!
It's the grand line!
Now all we have to do is go down.
Full speed ahead.
Whoa!
Whoo!
Whoo! Whoo!
What's that?
Whatever it is. we're gonna hit it!
Hey. whale!
Get out of the way!
- Luffy. no!
- Luffy!
Five more minutes. dad an.
Hey. you!
Whoa.
Stop that!
Give me back my crew!
Okay. you want it the tough way?
Be my guest. fish!
You jerk!
Stop being a coward and come closer!
Come on!
If I…
If I could swim. you'd be in
so much trouble right now.
You're gonna need something
a lot bigger than your fists.
Who are you?
Just an old man
doing his job.
All right. you overgrown guppy.
Whoa.
… hey. my friends are still in there.
We have to get them out of there now!
Your friends are dead.
I need to get my
friends out of that whale.
I'm not leaving until I get
some answers. Who are you?
What's the deal with the
whale? How do I get them out?
You want some answers? Here we go.
Name's crocus. Occupation?
Lighthouse keeper.
71 years old.
Gemini. Type ab blood.
That deluded whale is trying to break
through the red line. which is impossible.
As for your crew.
it's useless.
I already told you.
Your crew is dead.
You don't know my crew.
Your map say anything
about a giant whale?
- Obviously not.
- Do we think luffy's okay?
Of course.
It's luffy. He's… durable.
- We need to find a way out of here.
- Why don't you let me come up with a plan?
I didn't know the whale
was gonna be there. okay?
At least I didn't break the
whip staff with my giant muscles.
Not a compliment.
Not not a compliment.
Okay. Usopp. you know
how to fix the merry. right?
Of course. But the tiller's
useless without a new rowle. so…
- You think you can find one out there?
- Out there?
On those perilous wrecks?
Perilous and most likely haunted.
Sounds like it's a two-man job.
While they're gone. I will work
out a plan to get us out of here.
I'll handle it.
A sword isn't gonna
get us out of a whale.
We'll see about that.
Did you call ahead and
prep the billower bike?
Yes. captain.
But the grand line's
out of our jurisdiction.
so we'll need to make a formal petition
for reassignment to our superiors...
here's my petition. I don't
care. Why don't you tell him that?
Why don't you tell me yourself. captain?
Vice admiral garp.
Welcome to loguetown.
What's a bigwig like you
doing round these parts?
Celebrate the anniversary?
Headed back to marineford
headquarters. but thought I'd…
I thought I'd stop by
and check up on things.
I have a matter to discuss with you.
Plus. it'll give my new protégés a
chance to expand their horizons.
It's about time we got off that boat.
- Helmeppo. quiet.
- What?
You've literally passed out or thrown
up more than I have during training.
And we deserve some shore leave.
Are you feeding strays now?
Trainee pools must
not be what they were.
You weren't exactly a model
recruit when you started.
I think they'd surprise you.
Walk around town. lads.
You might learn something.
I'm gonna have a word with
the esteemed captain here.
Sir… might we learn more by
shadowing you in your meeting?
In private.
If you don't want to explore.
you can return to the ship.
I hear bogard has creative
ideas for new ways to do push-ups.
Tashigi will show them around.
Perfect.
Lead the way. captain.
This way. sir.
Hi.
Flower guy. I need your help!
Grandpa. open up!
I need to save my
friends from this whale!
I know you can open the door!
Flower pops. I need your help!
Open the door!
Open up!
Peace at last.
Have you any idea how hard it is
to get a door repairman out here?
My friends and I made a promise
to journey across the grand line
and achieve our dreams.
I'm not setting sail without them.
Doesn't matter what I have to
do to get them out of that whale.
because nothing…
Nothing gets in the way of
monkey d. Luffy and his crew!
You're not going to give up. are you?
Nope.
There's only one way to
approach laboon safely
and see if your friends are alive in there.
Laboon?
- You named the whale?
- No! He came with it.
Thanks for the help.
You remind me of someone.
He couldn't shut up either.
How many of those do
you get through in a week?
Depends on the week.
And what a week it's been.
A rare dark Mark on the
sterling record of captain smoker.
So serious.
You remind me of myself
when I was your age.
I didn't become a marine
just to add notches to my belt.
Still…
…hurts to watch one sail away.
You would know.
I have intel that the straw hats
are heading to find the one piece
to answer gold Roger's call.
They're not the first.
Won't be the last.
I'm going after him.
Because he escaped you?
Because he's trying to
finish what gold Roger started.
Are you comparing luffy to Roger?
You weren't there.
You didn't see how he
smiled in the face of death.
Just like gold Roger did.
I need to stop him by
any means necessary.
I understand you want
to protect your grandson.
You understand nothing.
I've given up trying to protect luffy.
Pirates can't navigate through the
calm belt the way marine vessels can.
Their only option to enter the grand
line is through reverse mountain.
Chances are they
won't survive the voyage.
Why waste your time?
Wasting my time would be
sitting on my ass doing nothing.
Respectfully.
Your request. if you
can call it that. is denied.
- Sir...
- your skill set's needed elsewhere.
The straw hats are a speck of
dust in the gears of the grand line.
The marines are concerned
with real threats to our
delicate political ecosystem.
The kingdom of alabasta
is on the verge of civil war.
and their Princess is still
missing. possibly abducted.
Meanwhile. the revolutionary
army gains supporters every day
in its quest to overturn
the world government.
And their leader... was in loguetown.
Dragon.
He aided the straw hats in their escape.
Did he now?
If you want to do your duty.
I'll show you what a real threat looks like.
That's not water.
Stomach acid.
Strong enough to
slowly erode these ships.
Probably does an even
quicker job on flesh.
I wonder how long before
the merry starts to erode.
Let's not find out.
Do you know ghosts that haunt
shipwrecks are the most vengeful?
Yeah. right.
Where'd you hear
that? Was it in a book?
Who wrote the book?
Was it well researched?
What is a rowle. by the way?
It's where the whip staff
connects to the tiller.
No tiller. no rudder. no way to steer.
Well. you can never be
prepared for the unknown. buddy.
You seem pretty unbothered by that.
See. in a kitchen. you never
know what's gonna come at you.
But… just keep your head down.
trust your own hands on the tools.
trust that your crew
will have your back…
And then you'll feel like
you can handle anything.
That's actually… kind of inspiring.
With trust like that. you'll never be afraid.
Startled.
Not afraid.
Not judging.
He's not even been
dead long. He's still fresh.
He's on top of the rowle. You
gotta move him so I can get to it.
No. Why don't you move
him. and I'll get the rowle?
You don't even know what the rowle is.
It's the round piece.
Underneath the dead guy's arm.
Yeah. see. I think I already did my
part by giving you that pep talk. you know.
so I'll just be over here.
I can do this.
- Yeah. you can.
- I can fix the ship.
You got it.
I can fix the ship.
I can do it. I can do it.
You got it.
It's intact.
Not a corpse.
Just a weird guy.
I can handle a weird
guy. You get the rowle.
Nice ship you came in on.
We'll be taking it.
You're pretty fast for a dead man.
You're pretty skilled for a
man who only uses his legs.
It's a style choice.
Judging by your outfit. you're
unfamiliar with the concept.
Sanji!
Watch your step!
He said "we're" taking your ship.
So someone else is out there.
Something wrong with your compass?
- No.
- Good.
We need to be able to sail out as
soon as I get this whale to open its mouth.
What is that?
Besides a waste of our rope.
You said I couldn't get us
out of here with a sword. so…
I made a big sword.
What?
When the rudder is fixed. I'll use this
to poke that big punching bag
looking thing on the roof of his mouth.
The uvula?
So it's a girl whale.
Whatever.
Then. we will be puked to freedom.
Then the dumbest plan ever
concocted was spoken aloud.
Well. it's the only plan
we've got right now. so…
Do you know where my compass went?
Zoro. a little help here!
Ha!
Sorry. but I need your ship.
Let her go.
Did I miss something?
Yeah.
A bit more.
How long is this gonna take?
I told you.
We have to wait until laboon resurfaces.
When that happens.
I need to get another sedative ready.
We won't go anywhere near that
whale until we have got him to calm down.
- How often do you medicate him?
- These days?
Up to 20 a day.
Stop him ramming his
head into the red line.
Why does he hit his head like
that? Why do you take care of him?
Is he your pet?
Absolutely not.
I'm not an animal person.
Not really a people person either.
All I ever wanted was to be left alone.
That's why I moved to a
lighthouse in the middle of nowhere.
Then why keep doing it?
Because…
I made a promise too.
Yo. ho. ho. ho. ho. ho. ho. ho. ho!
Well done for crossing reverse mountain.
Welcome to the pirates' graveyard.
Apologies for docking
while we repair our ship.
I'm known in the west
blue as calico yorki.
captain of the rumbar pirates.
You're welcome to stay
while you repair your ship.
But don't cause me any trouble.
Laboon?
- Hey. laboon!
- There he is!
I didn't know you had a whale with you.
He'll scare away the fish.
Well. perhaps we can make a deal.
You share your dock with us.
and we'll share our music
and our food with you.
I hate your music. and I
have more than enough food.
Then perhaps some of our booze?
How did you end up with a
whale on your crew anyway?
He started following
us back in the west blue.
Poor thing must have strayed from his
pod. He was all alone in the open ocean.
The crew started to get attached.
Especially when they realized
how much little laboon loves music.
I was surprised he survived the
journey over reverse mountain.
Yeah. Yeah. he's a tough little thing.
Not tough enough for
the grand line. I'll wager.
Beasts waiting in the depths
to make an appetizer of him
the moment you raise anchor.
If laboon finds himself in danger.
every man on my ship
would sacrifice himself for him.
Imagine making it to the grand line
and losing it all for a whale.
Taking on a vulnerable creature like that.
letting him loose in
such dangerous waters.
Glad it's not on my conscience.
We cannot repay your
kindness to us. and to laboon.
I wouldn't have agreed to this
if I hadn't been six drinks deep.
You're a good man. crocus.
I know you'll keep your word.
Aye.
We'll sail around the
world on the grand line
and return right back here from
the other side of this mountain.
I promise we'll be back
after our adventures.
And we'll have so many
more when we reunite.
I know the song they sang to laboon.
"Binks' brew."
Someone used to sing it to me.
Someone who left a long time ago.
Laboon's crew left.
but they never returned.
I've even set out myself
to search for them.
I found a reliable source who'd
seen their ship fleeing the grand line.
He thinks they're sailing
around behind that wall.
and if he hits it hard enough.
he can break through to them.
The red line is impenetrable.
He'll keep bashing at it until he dies.
I tried my best to get him to stop
when I told him what I'd learned.
Laboon. you needed to know the truth.
They're not coming back.
They've left. laboon.
You need to give up
before you kill yourself.
Stop it!
But it was no use.
Now I do all I can to keep
laboon from hurting himself.
But as soon as the sedative
wears off. he's back at it.
He'll never accept that
his crew's not coming back.
You're a good guy.
Taking care of your friends.
I'm no good at taking care of anyone.
I'm just what he's stuck with.
Calico yorki was right to trust you.
It doesn't matter.
Laboon has been injected so many times.
the sedative is losing its effectiveness.
And when it stops working altogeth…
Hey. Hey. Hey.
There's got to be another
way to help him out.
To get him to accept his crew is gone.
You wouldn't accept it.
How's it looking?
Whipstaff's back in working order.
As soon as I untangle this
knot. she'll be seaworthy.
Well. be careful.
You don't have to worry about me.
Whoa!
I'm good. I'm good.
All right. you two.
Give us answers or I
start cutting things off.
Why are you here?
There are many reasons a
person ends up inside a whale.
Why are you here?
Why did you want to take our ship?
One can't just walk out of a whale.
You should untie us
now or forfeit your lives.
You think we're afraid
of two unarmed people
dressed like they do bad
community theater. yeah?
We are much. much more
than you could ever imagine.
"We"?
Ridiculous costumes.
Unfounded overconfidence.
I've faced their kind before.
Some guy who called himself… Mr. 7.
Hey! Easy. mosshead.
I guess that makes you.
Mr. 9?
So our reputation precedes us.
Who are they?
They are baroque works.
For a long time. the marines
have been on their trail.
hunting down any trace of
this… mysterious menace.
An organization with tendrils extending
from the grand line to every other sea.
At first. they were
merely a rumor.
A dark whisper. But
now they're growing bold.
Shells town is only the latest
marine outpost they've decimated.
What is their objective?
Unknown.
We've never managed to
capture one of their operatives.
Well. not alive anyway.
They use code names
to keep their identities a mystery.
The true identity of their leader. Mr. 0.
is unknown.
Even in the highest rankings
of the organization itself.
I told you to wait with
the other kids. petty officer.
Stop saluting and get out.
Yes. sir.
I will allow you to
transfer to the grand line.
- I wasn't asking permission...
- but your mission is this.
Capture a baroque works agent alive.
Gather intelligence from them before
any other island ends up like this.
- Why me?
- You're focused.
Ruthless.
And you'll do whatever it takes.
That jitte you carry.
the tip of it is made of sea stone. isn't it?
Yes. sir.
That.
and your other powers.
should give you an enviable advantage.
That's why I need you on this.
But try to keep in mind.
there's a bigger picture here.
They're an organization of assassins.
They sent their Mr. 7 to try
to recruit me a while back.
Assuming you said no?
I was a bit more cutting than that.
I cut him in half.
Yeah. No. we got it.
Well. look. they don't
seem too dangerous.
I mean. you killed 7.
9 basically took himself out of our
fight by dropping down a hole. so...
I've been in this whale for
days. I'm not at full strength.
Tell them. miss Wednesday.
Numbers and days for code names.
Clever.
I say we deal with them
the old-fashioned way.
Throw them overboard.
I don't think our captain
would want us killing.
Our captain isn't here right now. is he?
Let me guess.
You're the navigator that got
all your friends stuck in this.
And you're the thief that
stole my compass. Where is it?
Went for a swim.
I needed that.
Doesn't seem like it was
doing you much good.
You don't need it in
the grand line anyway.
Magnetic fields are
completely different here.
Only works with a log pose.
You… you do have a log pose?
Yeah. of course we do.
What's a log pose?
Of all the whales in all the world.
this crack team had to wander into mine.
We're never getting out of here.
At least we kept our ship
intact. You two clearly didn't.
A crew is only as good as its navigator.
You're all as good as dead.
Do you have any idea where you are?
Grab onto something fast.
Usopp!
Usopp! Usopp!
Just stay calm.
I will not!
Damn. he woke up early.
Come on.
- What's happening to my crew in there?
- Nothing good.
Usopp!
Hurry up. pops.
It's not working.
Damn. I should have upped the dosage.
I need to get closer.
That's crazy.
You'll die.
I don't care.
We need something for him to grab onto!
Here.
What the hell is that?
No!
Wow. can't believe that didn't work.
Hey. whale!
Don't you dare hurt my friends!
You don't get to eat my crew!
Dear.
Don't let me go!
Pull me up!
Zoro. hold on.
It's slippery!
Sanji. don't let me go!
Got you.
Pull on three.
One. two. three!
People leave. laboon.
But sometimes.
you end up somewhere
you never thought you would.
And you meet people who stay.
I need my friends. laboon.
Please.
let them go.
Zoro.
set the main!
Let's turn this ship around.
Well. I'll be damned.
Guys!
Luffy!
Whoo!
Told you. pops!
Must you always show
me up in everything?
Caught spying?
How'd you know?
Eavesdropped from behind
a few doors in my day.
He's basically an expert in espionage.
Do you want a turn?
Swords are more my weapon of choice.
Relatable.
I love swords. That's why I…
Never mind.
Captain smoker's warned me against
talking about my dreams too much.
And talking in general.
That's why you wanted
to become a marine?
To train in swords?
Not just train.
You know. swords sing to me.
They always have.
I found out that there's this
collection of masterwork blades.
Each one has their own name.
Most are in the hands of
pirates and bounty hunters now.
But if I could. I would hunt
down every one of those swords
and take them away from the
bad men that don't deserve them.
I'm assuming captain
smoker isn't the most
supportive of that mission?
I don't make the orders.
I became a marine
because I had a dream too.
Getting justice for anyone
that's ever been stepped on.
'Cause I know what that's like.
Garp teaches us that following
orders doesn't make you a good marine.
It's following your code.
Your own brand of justice.
Sounds like the vice
admiral's a great teacher.
Physical abuse aside.
Only you can define
the path for yourself.
I fixed the door.
You know. if you ever get
sick of living in a lighthouse.
there's a lot of room inside laboon.
Thanks. buddy.
You could build a whole house
in there. Live pretty comfortably.
How cool would that be?
To live inside a whale?
If things ever truly go
to shit. I'll keep it in mind.
What do we do with our
friends tied up onboard?
I'd prefer if you didn't leave
two assassins on my little oasis.
And the lady did help save usopp.
She did?
- I still don't trust them.
- Nor should you.
Yeah. we'll. take them
to the next island with us
and figure out what
to do with them there.
If we can get to the next island.
Look. I have to be honest.
I don't think I really anticipated just
how different things were gonna be here.
I don't have the right skills.
I don't have the right tools.
I don't even know what a log pose is.
How am I supposed to navigate you
when I don't even know where I'm going?
I'm so out of my element.
Out of our element is when
this crew does its best work.
A log pose is pretty simple.
It measures the magnetic
field between islands.
After reaching an island and
spending some time there.
the log pose resets.
locks onto a new island.
Okay. that sounds easy.
Here on twin capes.
it locks onto an island from one
of seven possible magnetic fields.
so even two ships that
leave the same place
might not follow the same course.
That sounds less easy.
I've got an old one lying about somewhere.
I'd be happy to show you how it works.
And give it to you for your journey.
Really?
My adventuring days are over.
Long gone. And…
I think you're the right person to have it.
Some of the best navigators in the world
couldn't get as far as
you've come already.
Couldn't have done it without my crew.
Hey. flower pops.
You got some paint?
Done!
All right. listen up. laboon.
That jolly Roger right there.
it's a symbol of your
friendship with the straw hats.
So don't you ever hit your
head against that wall again?
I mean it.
Or you'll make it disappear.
I get why you're waiting for your friends.
It's because you believe in them.
Well. you're one of us now. laboon.
We'll come back to you.
That's a promise.
Tashigi.
Master chief petty officer tashigi.
I'm heading to the grand line.
I need you to stay here and
keep watch over loguetown.
Await further instruction.
Is that understood?
No.
Excuse me?
I'm going with you.
I have a gold Roger of
my own to hunt down.
and I'm going to capture
him with my own hands.
And anyone else unworthy
of a sword in their possession.
What the hell are you talking about?
At some point. I have to stop
following orders and follow my own code.
That day is today.
Surely that's something you understand.
Tashigi. you saw the footage back there.
You know what baroque
works is capable of.
You really want to get
mixed up in that for a sword?
For many swords.
And yes.
Well.
your funeral.
Let's go.
And don't do a little dance.
Are you ready to chart your
very first island in the grand line?
Twin capes! You'll have to help me
with the layout of crocus's lighthouse.
Bringing some food back
to my friends on the brig.
Nobody goes hungry on this ship.
Very thoughtful.
What are the chances that the people on
the next island are as friendly as crocus?
And as free with the booze?
No way to know what's coming next.
But that's part of the fun. I guess.
So. what do you think. Roger?
Perhaps he's the one
we've been waiting for.
The one who will make it to laugh tale
and find the one piece.
Luffy?
Next island is straight ahead.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm